Add support for all prometheus query operators (=, !=, =~ and !~) in KEDA Autoscaling (#10945)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

## 5.7.0-rc.0

> * [CHANGE] KEDAAutoscaling: Changed toPromQLLabelSelector from object to list of strings, adding support for all PromQL operators. #10945

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] KEDA Autoscaling: Changed toPromQLLabelSelector from object to list of strings, adding support for all PromQL operators. #10945
```
